<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">

<h:head>
     <h:outputStylesheet name="primefaces/components.css"/>
</h:head>

<h:body>
    <h1 style="color:deepskyblue"> History </h1>
    <hr/>
    <h:panelGrid columns="5" cellspacing ="100" >
        <p:link outcome="goToProfile">
            <h2 style="color:cornflowerblue" align="left" dir="ltr">PROFILE</h2>
        </p:link>
        <p:link outcome="goToMain">
            <h2 style="color:mediumslateblue" align="justify">MAIN</h2>
        </p:link>
        <p:link outcome="goToPictures">
            <h2 style="color:royalblue" align="center">PICTURES</h2>
        </p:link>

        <p:link outcome="goToAbout">
            <h2 style="color:steelblue" align="right">ABOUT</h2>
        </p:link>

        <p:link  outcome="goToHomePage">
            <h2 style="color:dodgerblue" align="right">HOME PAGE</h2>
        </p:link>
    </h:panelGrid>
    <div id="effect">
        <ul>
            <li><a href="#tab1">Tab 1</a></li>
            <li><a href="#tab2">Tab 2</a></li>
            <li><a href="#tab3">Tab 3</a></li>
        </ul>
        <div>
            <div id="tab1">
                The story begins as Don Vito Corleone, the head of a New York Mafia family,
                oversees his daughter's wedding. His beloved son Michael has just come home
                from the war, but does not intend to become part of his father's business.
                T hrough Michael's life the nature of the family business becomes clear.
                The business of the family is just like the head of the family, kind and
                benevolent to those who give respect, but given to ruthless violence whenever
                anything stands against the good of the family.
            </div>
            <div id="tab2">
                Francis Ford Coppola's legendary continuation and sequel to his landmark
                1972 film, The_Godfather, parallels the young Vito Corleone's rise with
                his son Michael's spiritual fall, deepening The_Godfather's depiction of
                the dark side of the American dream. In the early 1900s, the child Vito
                flees his Sicilian village for America after the local Mafia kills his family.
                Vito struggles to make a living, legally or illegally, for his wife and growing
                brood in Little Italy, killing the local Black Hand Fanucci after he demands
                his customary cut of the tyro's business. With Fanucci gone, Vito's communal
                stature grows.
            </div>
            <div id="tab3">
                After a break of more than 15 years, director Francis Ford Coppola and writer
                Mario Puzo returned to the well for this third and final story of the fictional
                Corleone crime family. Two decades have passed, and crime kingpin Michael Corleone,
                now divorced from his wife Kay has nearly succeeded in keeping his promise that
                his family would one day be completely legitimate.
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>

</h:body>
</html>